I got started with twenty nine or a
couple years ago giant first started
doing their hard tail 29er prototyping
and to be honest I wasn't a big fan of
the breed they're really noodly the
wheels are inherently flexi and the
front ends tall and awkward but when I
got this bike I knew that a lot of those
problems were rectified and I had a
winner on my hands it didn't take long
for me to prove it just a few hours I
think Dekker gets a sea otter champagne
it's going to go everywhere
what a fantastic fantastic I got my
first anthem x29 er actually as this one
right here at sea otter this year it was
pretty cool being able to deliver the
very first Anthony x29 prototype to Carl
because he didn't expect it at the time
and I didn't know that I was gonna get
it and I wasn't expected to race it
there but uh they let me practice on
that to see Carl's face after he came
back from a hot lap on it at sea otter
was pretty awesome and all of a sudden I
knew that I needed it for the super day
the next day and it certainly wasn't the
intention when we handed that bike over
it it wasn't the intention that Carl was
gonna race on it I ended up racing at 12
hours later and I won the Super D and
they were pretty happy they let me ride
it
he kind of was not really willing to
give the bike up so to speak so Johnny
didn't really have much choice to let
him race on it they're also pretty happy
to see me race it at both the other
races the rest of the weekends it's just
a great bike you can race too pretty you
can race short track you can race cross
country and it's
kind of good at everything after that
Carl pretty much stuck to racing on that
bike and riding on that bike
the anthem x-29 er why do I like it it's
because it's an anthem X it rides life
like an anthem X being able to bring a
lot of those key technologies like
overdrive 15 Q R mega drive to the
anthem X 29 chassis it was those things
that made the bike react and do what
Carl needed it to do and that was to
behave in a similar manner as the anthem
X 26 except that on off cambers you can
just dust anybody in the field it's got
an incredible grip it rolls over stuff
it's still light and it still functions
the rear end feels like an anthem fast
nimble high-speed descent capable all
those great things wrapped into one
package and that's what I like about it
it's a a great bike and you can ride it
in so many different circumstances that
it's almost you know if I was gonna have
one bike this would be my one bike
quiver this was my first year at down
evil and I didn't really know what to
expect and I did a bunch of practice on
longer travel bikes and you needed
longer travel or so I thought but I did
a little practice on this bike too and
with four inches yeah maybe it was kind
of like bringing a knife to a gunfight
but sometimes in the dark maybe a knife
is better than a gun it was great
they climb out climbed everybody by
about 4 minutes and we're not just
talking anybody here Adam Craig was the
next guy on the climb and he's no slouch
so the bike was great over that and it
was really really fun on the really
gnarly baby head sections too I couldn't
believe how great it was I was really
happy that I made the right decision and
my time showed that it was the right
decision - I think I have a course
record there by a couple minutes
it was a real treat to to be there with
him this summer at down evil and see him
absolutely annihilate the down evil
course on the at the next 29 prototype
the same bike that was handed over to
him months prior to sea otter very cool
very cool